---
title: "2023 RECAP"
subtitle: "My Investment Portfolio"
header_type: hero
header_img: https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/rFOABU_NwquL9sBMldiQb39bPFQ=/1400x788/filters:format(png)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/13739200/Screen_Shot_2019_02_05_at_3.24.25_PM.png
tags: [stock, portfolio, recap, investment]
---

# It's rewind time! 2023!

<br/>

Well, 2023 was a solid year for my investments. My portfolio saw a 40.2% boost (33.8% before adjusting for foreign exchange), outpacing the S&P500's 24.8% but falling short of the QQQ's crazy 54.8%.

Now, let's break it down. Here's the scoop on all my positions, sorted from the big hitters to the smaller players. And, of course, I'll share my thoughts and comments.

<br/>

### Open Positions

<br/>

##### BTC *(+61.4%, 15.5% of portfolio)*
Held onto BTC, kept buying when it was low in 2022, and it totally paid off in 2023. Bitcoin almost tripled from the lows and is now the biggest chunk of my portfolio at 15.5%.

<br/>

##### GOOG *+35%, 14.3% of portfolio)*
The AI wave boosted Google's performance, although a couple of hiccups in their AI releases cost them against Microsoft and OpenAI. This made Google the worst perfoming stock among the magnificent 7. Despite the slip-ups, I'm optimistic about Google riding the AI revolution wave. And let's not forget, YouTube is still the best streaming service out there. 

<br/>

##### KWEB *(-19.9%, 11.2% of portfolio)*
Added a bit more of KWEB. Despite the short-term setback, my confidence in the long-term prospects of the Chinese internet and e-commerce sector remains unwavering, especially at the dirt cheap valuation now. Chinese stocks now make up approximately 28% of my portfolio.

<br/>

##### BABA *(-42.8%, 11.4% of portfolio)*
Added more to my Alibaba position but it just keeps dropping. While Alibaba's performance has been far from stellar, the power of diversification proved its worth. The overall impact of Alibaba's downturn was mitigated, demonstrating the resilience of a diversified investment strategy. Despite the management challenges, Alibaba is actively working to reward shareholders with initiatives such as buybacks, dividends and spinoffs.

<br/>

##### CSPX *(+25.9%, 8.4% of portfolio)*
CSPX has been a solid performer, mirroring the 25% return of the index... Well, because it is the index. Its consistent performance underscores the effectiveness of index investing, making it a cornerstone of my portfolio.

<br/>

##### SMH *(+64.8%, 7.9% of portfolio)*
Admittedly, I trimmed some SMH at a less-than-ideal moment, but the AI sector has proven to be a gift that keeps on giving.

<br/>

##### PYPL *(-6.5%, 5.2% of portfolio)*
PYPL is one of the two newcomers to my portfolio this year. With a PE of 12 and a substantial $5 billion buyback program in play, PayPal presents an attractive investment opportunity.


<br/>

##### AMZN *(+82.9%, 5.1% of portfolio)*
Hitting the bottom just right has turned Amazon into the star player of my portfolio this year, soaring by an impressive 82.9%. Unfortunately this means that I was not able to build my full position, and ended up with only 5% of Amazon in my portfolio. 

<br/>

##### DIS *(-6.5%, 5.1% of portfolio)*
The backdrop for this lackluster performance has been the ongoing writers and actors strike, putting a damper on Disney's progress for the past year. I hold the belief that the worst for Disney is now behind us. 

<br/>

##### XIAOMI *(+49.2%, 4.5% of portfolio)*
This newcomer to my holdings has a special place as I have been a Xiaomi fan for years, and owning a slice of the business at this price feels like a steal. Beyond the smartphone market, I am particularly excited about Xiaomi's venture into the electric vehicle (EV) business. 

<br/>

##### ETH *(+14.6%, 1.9% of portfolio)*
I have not added to my position, instead, I was putting the resources into Bitcoin.

<br/>

##### AAPL *(+60.4%, 1.1% of portfolio)*
Apple with its $3 trillion market cap does not seem rational to me, but I have decided to hold onto Apple as a benchmark, and since it is my first buy in the US market.

<br/>


### Closed Positions

<br/>

##### META *(+6.5%)*
Meta's journey has been a rollercoaster. Held Meta all the way down, did not average down, sold too early and missed out on a $100 price increase. This is definitely my biggest lesson in 2023. 

<br/>
<br/>

### Reflecting on 2023

<br/>

As I look back on my investment journey in 2023, I can confidently say that it has been a year of substantial growth. This year, I adopted a less-is-more philosophy in my buying and selling activities, and I managed to steer clear of FOMO and scams. Each investment, whether a success or a lesson, has contributed to my growth as an investor. The Meta experience, in particular, has taught me the value of patience, timing and having a strong conviction.

I look forward to the promise of a better 2024. The lessons learned and the resilience gained will undoubtedly shape a more informed and confident investor in the year ahead. May the new year bring new opportunities, continued growth, and success in every investment endeavor. Here's to a prosperous and fulfilling 2024!
