---
title: "2022 RECAP"
subtitle: "My Investment Portfolio"
header_type: hero
header_img: https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/rFOABU_NwquL9sBMldiQb39bPFQ=/1400x788/filters:format(png)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/13739200/Screen_Shot_2019_02_05_at_3.24.25_PM.png
tags: [stock, portfolio, recap, investment]
---

# AHHH IT'S REWIND TIME... again

<br/>

2022 was a bad year...again. I lost 20.5% of my portfolio this year, slightly worse than the -19.5% last year. Comparing to S&P500 that lost 19.44% and QQQ that lost 32.58% last year, I didn't do so bad after all, even though it was still bad. 

Below are all my open position and closed positions, plus my thoughts and comments.

<br/>

### Open Positions

<br/>

##### KWEB *(-14%, 15% of portfolio)*
Still holding onto my basket of Chinese internet stocks. Bought more at $27 thinking it was peak fear but it went as low as $17.

Don't buy too much too fast. As the saying goes - “Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.”

<br/>

##### GOOG *(-15%, 14% of portfolio)*
Started buying at $120 and had my last buy at $85. I have my full position in Google already, hopefully it doesn't drop like BABA. 

<br/>

##### BABA *(-48%, 11% of portfolio)*
Another year as a BABA bagholder. 

<br/>

##### CSPX *(breakeven, 10% of portfolio)*
S&P500 ETF that I bought is one of the best performing assets in my portfolio... I guess that is the price of active stockpicking.

<br/>

##### SMH *(-4%, 9% of portfolio)*
Tried to understand the semiconductor industry but couldn't figure out which company is better.

<br/>

##### BTC *(-45%, 8% of portfolio)*
The bubble did pop and I held it all the way down.

<br/>

##### AMZN *(+1%, 4% of portfolio)*
Did my DCF and sum-of-parts analysis and figured that Amazon stock should be worth around $110. Bought at $83 and will buy more if it drops.

<br/>

##### DIS *(-21%, 3% of portfolio)*
Bought Disney for the strong brand even though the price is not exactly cheap.

<br/>

##### ETH *(-45%, 2% of portfolio)*
Still holding a small bag of ETH.

<br/>

##### META *(-47%, 2% of portfolio)*
Bought at $225 thinking I was being greedy when others were fearful... Then it dropped another 50%.

Even thought it's really cheap at 10~15 PE, I didn't catch the knife this time. Maybe because I don't have strong enough conviction in META, or maybe because I have trauma from BABA. Not buying more might turn out to be a bad decision. 

<br/>

##### AAPL *(+9%, 1% of portfolio)*
Apple is still the strongest company of all companies.

<br/>


### Closed Positions

<br/>

##### CLOV *(-90%)*
Finally sold the stock on the last few trading days of the year. Just wanted to start 2023 with my biggest mistake gone, but in hindsight I might have sold the bottom.


<br/>

##### IPAY *(-14%)*
The company is in a growing industry with a P/E ratio of only 3. Sold after the Serba Dinamik saga as the company has the exact same problem - high receivables.

Sometimes a company has a low valuation for a reason.

<br/>

##### TENAGA *(-11%)*
Sold the company to raise cash to put into US stocks. Probably almost broke even including the dividend I recieved in the 2 years of holding the stock.

<br/>

##### GENTING *(-1%)*
Decided to have a more concentrated portfolio so I sold off all the smaller positions that won't move the needle.

<br/>

##### TWTR *(+1%)*
Yep I FOMO'd again.

Bought the stock when I saw the news of Elon Musk buying, thinking I will not miss the Elon hype train again after Doge and Tesla. Sold after cooled off and realized it is just billionaire doing billionaire shit.

<br/>

##### GENM *(+35%)*
Selling off all the smaller positions, with some nice gains this time.

<br/>

##### PBBANK *(+46%)*
Sold when I found that it is trading at almost 2 times book value, which is very high for a bank and relatively high compared to its historical P/B. Turned out I sold almost at the top. 

<br/>
