---
title: "2023 RECAP"
subtitle: "My Investment Portfolio"
header_type: hero
header_img: https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/rFOABU_NwquL9sBMldiQb39bPFQ=/1400x788/filters:format(png)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/13739200/Screen_Shot_2019_02_05_at_3.24.25_PM.png
tags: [stock, portfolio, recap, investment]
---

# AHHH IT'S REWIND TIME... again

<br/>

2023 was a pretty good year. My portfolio grew 40.2% this year (33.8% FX neutral), beating the 24.8% of S&P500 but losing to the crazy 54.8% return of QQQ. 

Below are all my open position and closed positions ranked from largest to smallest, plus my thoughts and comments.

<br/>

### Open Positions

<br/>

##### BTC *(+61.4%, 15.5% of portfolio)*
Kept DCA-ing throughout the lows in 2022 and 2023 turned out to be a great decision. Bitcoin almost 3x from the bottom and it has now grown to be the largest position in my portfolio.

<br/>

##### GOOG *+35%, 14.3% of portfolio)*
Google performed great this year thanks to the AI boom, but a few blunders made its performance worse that the other magnificent 7 stocks.

<br/>

##### KWEB *(-19.9%, 11.2% of portfolio)*
Added a bit more of KWEB.

<br/>

##### BABA *(-42.8%, 11.4% of portfolio)*
Added some more of Alibaba but it just keeps dropping. Thanks to the power of diversification my porfolio was fine even though with the 

<br/>

##### CSPX *(+25.9%, 8.4% of portfolio)*
Tried to understand the semiconductor industry but couldn't figure out which company is better.

<br/>

##### SMH *(+64.8%, 7.9% of portfolio)*
The bubble did pop and I held it all the way down.

<br/>

##### PYPL *(-6.5%, 5.2% of portfolio)*
Did my DCF and sum-of-parts analysis and figured that Amazon stock should be worth around $110. Bought at $83 and will buy more if it drops.


<br/>

##### AMZN *(+82.9%, 5.1% of portfolio)*
Did my DCF and sum-of-parts analysis and figured that Amazon stock should be worth around $110. Bought at $83 and will buy more if it drops.

<br/>

##### DIS *(-6.5%, 5.1% of portfolio)*
Bought Disney for the strong brand even though the price is not exactly cheap.

<br/>

##### XIAOMI *(+49.2%, 4.5% of portfolio)*
Did my DCF and sum-of-parts analysis and figured that Amazon stock should be worth around $110. Bought at $83 and will buy more if it drops.


<br/>

##### ETH *(+14.6%, 1.9% of portfolio)*
Still holding a small bag of ETH. 

<br/>

##### AAPL *(+60.4%, 1.1% of portfolio)*
Apple is still the strongest company of all companies.

<br/>


### Closed Positions

<br/>

##### META *(+6.5%)*
Bought at $225 thinking I was being greedy when others were fearful... Then it dropped another 50%.

Even thought it's really cheap at 10~15 PE, I didn't catch the knife this time. Maybe because I don't have strong enough conviction in META, or maybe because I have trauma from BABA. Not buying more might turn out to be a bad decision.

<br/>